mania
a bed you give to whom not of a hotel or
commenting a new language to the channel and
this time I bring you a video half father
or day I laughed 5 things to do if
you get bored the truth is pretty
funny but it's a little parody so
if we reach more than 300 likes I will make a
second part because you already know that these
I love videos and I'm much more
animated and I have much more time like this
I'll start to give the channel a lot of steam
so let's pop that button
allais and nothing will we start with the
video first I want to say that the
bottom line from my coleguilla to
cipote vale is a bad memory a
bombed in raid quite fast and
good and without further delay we start with
the first video to be made is the
fish while you get bored
and
good good good with the last photo
we know or you bastards good bastards the
second what else is done and when one
is bored is yes gentlemen yes gentlemen see
a video of vegeta
I do not know what to do with my life
what better
what to look for a vegeta video 40 minutes
minecraft 707
good good before continuing I want
to say that nobody takes it badly because
you already know that it is a mini parody and not
happen to kids and good and without more
procrastination let's continue with the
next yes gentlemen when you're
bored you dance the mockery
I dont know
and when I come I'm flying and German and you know
that I'm teasing learns I was alone
in front of the officer I'm mocking
but I do not think there's a fence
aside
I do not know what's wrong with those songs
Look, I had a lot of respect for him
something was emitted from the looming one and the
and here there is no one alive was was the
goodbye to me but the truth that has been
deviated a lot the kid but good and
without hesitation let's continue with the
next that everyone when you have
boring came the computer and it has
put to play to pay and if gentlemen and
Well, here they tell me
I did not know what to upload and I say like this
it's all there look how I was
boring you recorded it and look is it is a
cell is worth it as there is a fast and good
the fight a lot of shit loves you is the
I truly believe that I am leaving
too much the pot already in this video I think
that should keep a little dignity
for another video because it's leaving me
I'm leaving very young and for
last five things to do while you
bored then of course if you do a fucking
video gentlemen make a video are you
boring then you make a video like
I'm doing, Jorge, gentlemen,
between video is not known with my whore
idea gave 25 and there is the whole world
holidays
I'll do a video for YouTube
He says
good tones up here
more famous please go please
goodbye please please for the with the
camera right now josé luís josé luís
josé herbey del chí son of a bitch goes away
as you did not pay him two months ago pyre
god wait is that I josé luís vale
come now I put the expected camera
this this I'm like pussy beat the point
consulted and left thrown
is delighted and leave a step and like
I said it if we got 300 I went up
a second part the truth that comes
will love making these videos and good
fighters around here I say goodbye I'm
much happier let's go to the topic
in the channel we are going to give him cane that already
are 10 thousand 500 soles as soon as we go
to go we go to punctual and good thing said
300 laws for a second part for
here so if I'm going to say goodbye and
soon will come a questions and
very very top answer a fighters a
term embrace and now yes yes
outside
guard